[Music]
but Alexander Hamilton was 25 years old
he had already served as a senior aide
to George Washington in the
Revolutionary War when Evan Spiegel
founder of snapchat was 25 well he
became a billionaire my name is Matt and
I just turned 25
I'd always told myself I'd be one of
those extraordinarily successful people
by the time I hit a quarter century well
that wasn't really the case at least not
up to this point and even though at
first I'd panic at my lack of
accomplishments I soon came to realize
that the times I was happiest and most
fulfilled were the times I felt most
connected to those around me so on my
25th birthday I decided to invest in new
relationships and do it probably no 25
year old has ever done I decided to go
out on the street and invite 25
strangers to celebrate my 25th birthday
with me what better way to start the
next quarter century than with 25 new
friends as this might be hard taxes I
think people are action to welcome 35 7
advice
okay I don't think I'm going to believe
good max good question it's written oh
you want to okay those in Moodle invited
my birthday on Saturday so I'm inviting
25 strangers to celebrate my 20th
birthday and
[Music]
like
all right cool got the first text then
happy birthday
random stranger Matt in Kelly for three
more days we'd love to help you blow
your candles deep here though
alright it's about three hours from the
party Roberto and I are going to go out
the street and hand out the rest of
these flowers this is where you gotta
get friends like a bit this is so small
big I think I'm not Save the Children
guys this is the missing time and I
don't then I think it's funnier if I go
and do slippers and having it down the
street I'd check out like a crane
alright we've got an invite well boys
we're throwing a party tonight my friend
25th yeah good to meet you man just cook
inviting people too much I want advice
this guy
restrictions battle business 125 okay
and 125 strangers and solving a 25th
birthday with my mother you got to come
and thank you guys
success is done oh we just got a cook
hi guys we just met we probably will go
to parties we're five girls let me know
the hour in low key no no one's texting
me affected a perfect cocktail yeah it's
very very strong so everyone needs to
know that they should only have like
half of lots at a time
damn I love you it's on my heart there I
almost wish it was your birthday because
I love you so much
happy birthday there
[Music]
concepts behind you being here today is
that our friend Matt is 325 so everybody
that doesn't know Matt or has never met
him before tonight need to come around
that and then his old friends will space
mr. alright so the reason I did this is
because I have realized in my 25 years
that friendship as funny as it sounds is
the most important thing in my life and
in yours obviously and it's just a
reminder that it's always cool to make
new friends and meet spontaneous people
as yourself you know so thank you for
saying yes to this experience for seven
amazing night Wow here's to a lifetime
of love and friendship and thank you all
[Applause]
ah
[Music]